Now in the implementation, we have to do
three steps.
The first step is to reverse the array from index
0 to n-k-1.
Then reverse array from n-k to n-1
And finally reverse the array from 0 to n-1
So let us first write a function reverse to do this reverse
operation and we pass the array arr, it's start and end into
this function.
To do the reversal, we can swap first and last
elements, second and second to last elements, third and third
to last elements and so on. So write int temp equal to
array[start] array[start]++ equal to
to array[end] array[end]-- equal
to temp
And do the swapping as long as start is less than end.
So put this code in a while loop
while start less than end
So this function is done.
Now let us write another function
Rotate array to rotate the given array by K positions
We pass the array, it's size n and the value
K into this function
And what we have to do here is, to reverse
the array from index 0 to n-k-1 first.
So call reverse function by passing array, zero and n-k-1
So it will be reversed
Next step is to reverse the array from index n-k to n-1
So call reverse function
again by passing the array, n-k and n-1
So it will also be reversed.
Now the final step is to reverse the whole array
That is from index zero to n-1
So call reverse function by passing the array, index zero and n-1
And the work is done.
We got the array rotated by k positions.